in the last few minutes the Prime
Minister Boris Johnson has posted a
message on his personal Twitter account
where he gives an update about some of
the things that he says the government
is doing to protect the NHS areas we're
also massively increasing testing and I
want to say a special word about testing
because it is so important and I as I've
said for for weeks and weeks this is the
way through this is how we will unlock
the coronavirus puzzle this is how we
will defeat it in the end and what we
need to do is massively ramp up not just
tests so that you can know whether
you've had the disease in the past the
so-called antibody test because that
will enable you to go to work in the
confidence that you can't be infected or
or infectious second our people need to
know whether they haven't got it
rather than isolating themselves at home
for no reason and that's very very
important above all for our NHS staff
and of course it's crucial that people
who do have the disease are able to to
be tested positive and to take the
necessary steps to isolate at home in in
the way that I am doing and many many
others are doing as well and I just want
to reassure you on that last point that
although I am sequestered here in number
10 Downing Street I am thanks to the
miracles of modern technology that able
to be in constant touch with my
officials with everybody in the various
departments across the whole of
Whitehall who is coordinating the
response to coronavirus and I'm
absolutely confident that we will beat
it and we will beat it
together and we will do it by staying at
home protecting our NHS and saving lives
thanks very much the message is clear
that was a message from the Prime
Minister on his private Twitter
[Music]
you